chore(dataMigrator): update limitations (#7702)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/guides/migrating-from-camunda-7/migration-tooling/data-migrator/limitations.md

  process instance.
- As a result, you cannot query for the history of a subprocess or call activity using the
  parent process instance key.
  - See https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-platform/issues/5359

> - When migrating models including subprocesses, it is possible that during the first migration round the start event inside the subprocess is skipped. Simply rerun the migration with the `--retry-skipped` flag to ensure complete migration

Reviewer: I checked scenario is valid we order by time and id and for activity instances the id can vary (it's not UUID) so flow nodes that depend on others not migrated yet will be skipped.
I suggest we re-phrase this, something like
```suggestion
- When migrating models including subprocesses, it is possible that during the migration flow nodes inside the subprocess are skipped due to dependencies. Simply rerun the migration with the `--retry-skipped` flag to ensure complete migration.
```
to make it more general.

> - When migrating models including subprocesses, it is possible that during the first migration round the start event inside the subprocess is skipped. Simply rerun the migration with the `--retry-skipped` flag to ensure complete migration

Reviewer: The changes are lost after the rebase
